OK. This is to blow and make bottles once you understand physics.
look at that. Left ... well, right, turn right. Easy!
Tombarella. 1..2..3 .. See!
Great!
Well, as a child
I spent many hours reading about the drawings of Leonardo Da Vinci. Specifically
their flying machines. Look at this medieval helicopter. It seems like
It would work, but you can not judge a book for the cover, because there is no way to counteract the pair that is
It produces on the body of the machine. The helicopters of today solve it by doing a couple
On the contrary with a rotor in an arm, a tail rotor. That works
Stopping the rotation of the helicopter. But that's what I had not come to.
In the end, you are applying a force to a floating body, which means that
the body wants to move. So, how does the helicopter do not drift?
We will make a trip. We will know more about how helicopters work
to have a really deep understanding. How is Mr Ledbetter?
Hello, I'm Richard Ledbetter. I am a teacher at the National Air and Space Museum. (Destin) OK! Well, what do you have to teach us?
about the operation of the helicopters? (Mr Ledbetter) Well, I guess we'll talk about it
The main rotor system in a conventional helicopter, and the main rotor basically gives
Both the ascensional force and the helicopter control.
And the helicopter is controlled by changing the passage of each of the rotor blades.
(Destin) So, how do you change the passage of a helicopter when it is turning, when the blades rotate?
We use, in most helicopters, something called a cyclic platter. 24 00: 01: 34,240 -> 00: 01: 38,270 And essentially the one who makes a cyclic plate, is to control the rotational movement from a movement
not rotary We have two ways to control the helicopter, i
For cyclical entries, what happens is that
the cyclic plate will simply rotate forward or backwards, and that
the entrance of each shovel changes, but by the collective control what will happen is that
the cyclic plate will move up or down. This, in fact, will change
the passage of the two blades of the rotor exactly at the same time.
(Destin) Ohh! Okay, I just learned something. Well, to summarize, there are
three types of control. There is collective control, there is cyclical control,
and there is that of the pair. Obviously, the pair balances it with the rear rotor. (Destin) So, let's start with it
collective, Carl. What is this magic device from here?
(Carl) It's the cyclic platter, and it's the source of all helicopter control.
In any direction you move the cyclic platter, mostly the helicopter
he follows it. The group is when you change
The passage of the two blades, up or down, and this pushes the helicopter
up or down Do not control the height of the helicopter according to the speed
of the blades. The speed is always the same. (Destin) Take the step or step down, and that
It controls the amount of air taken by the rotors. Correct?
(Carl) The same thing. If. Totally. And this is what he will do to ascend or descend
the helicopter Or, if it is down by valley, the other way around. (Destin) Oh, of course, because he's out in the valley.
Because I am a genius of the helicopter. [river] (Carl) The rotor of the tail, like the main shovels,
It never changes in speed, so if we want to change the drive,
We change the blade path, so it can push or stretch
in both directions. (Destin) And this is basically because it is a bit unlike the
pair that is produced here above. Blades apply a pair to the body,
correct? (Carl) Yes, the act of turning the blades causes the helicopter to turn in the opposite direction.
(Destin) It makes sense. Can you now show me the pint that has cyclical control?
(Carl) Cyclical control is when the cyclical bowl is inclined, and through the links
controls the passage of the blades and changes it at each turn
to control how the forward or side helicopter tilts.
(Destiny) Give me a cyclical step in this direction ... OK, but then if I roll it
It will change as you go around, right? (Carl) Change. (Destin) Then .. then ... this one
Link moves with the cyclic plate and pushes up the side of the
Shovel, and this as well changes the shovel depending on where it is located
Turn around around the axis, right? (Carl) Right. (Destin) OK. So what does that do for you?
(Carl) It allows me to turn it around as I please.
[river] (Destin) It allows me to do magic.
[rotor noise]
OK, now you talk about a helicopter.
And for the next videos, prepare to flip it, but we will use these fundamental terms,
so get ready.
Go and subscribe to see this series of videos. Is it worth it.
[rotor noise]
[music]
[Andrew Jackson Transcription: captionsbyandrew.wordpress.com] Translation by David Ruscalleda (@ Rusca8)
Subtitles in different languages ​​are welcome. Please contact Destin if you can help.